Well, thank you so much for watching this course. Through this course, we got an introduction to
Helm and understood the basic concepts. We discussed the basics of Helm, we saw
how to install Helm and get started with it. We saw the architecture of Helm, we looked at charts,
releases, revisions, repositories. And we also saw how to write our own charts. So we looked
at functions, we understood pipelines, conditionals, with blocks, ranges, and hooks.
And finally, we also looked at the packaging, signing and uploading mechanisms. Please share
your feedback on what additional topics you'd like for us to cover. And we will make put in
our best efforts to add those to this course. I hope you enjoyed this course, and the associated
labs as much as I enjoyed building it. So don't forget to share your course completion certificate
on social media. Until next time, this is Mumshad Mannambeth signing off. Goodbye